DOC-1993: Added TINY-9669 to the release notes. (#2733)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

== Additions
{productname} 6.5 also includes the following additions:

> === Toolbar and menu items were not being disabled correctly when selecting noneditable elements inside a `contenteditable= "false"` root.
> //#TINY-9669
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, an issue was identified where toolbar and menu items were not being disabled correctly when selecting `contenteditable= "false"` contents inside a `contenteditable= "false"` root.
> 
> As a consequence, toolbar buttons and menu items would appear to be enabled even though the buttons and menu items were in a disabled state based on the users current selection.
> 
> A fix was applied in {productname} 6.5, that now disables the toolbar buttons and menu items based on the users selection. In addition, if `contenteditable= "true"` contents are selected, the toolbars and menu items are re-enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Toolbar and menu items were not disabled correctly when selecting elements with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute inside an editor root with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.
//#TINY-9669

In previous versions of {productname}, an issue was identified where toolbar and menu items were not presenting as disabled when the contents of elements with a `contenteditable= "false"` attribute were selected from inside a editor root with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.

In this circumstance, toolbar buttons and menu items appeared as enabled even though the buttons and menu items were in a disabled state based on the user’s current selection.

{productname} 6.5 now explicitly disables toolbar buttons and menu items based on the user’s selection.

In addition, if the contents of elements with a `contenteditable="true"` attribute are selected in the same circumstance, the toolbars and menu items are re-enabled.
```

1. Edits and copy-edits.
2. The technically accurate phrases edited into place: _`contenteditable="false"` attribute_ and _`contenteditable="true"` attribute_

> === Added `TinyState` module that contains transactional functions for editor states.
> //#TINY-9669
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, `TinyState` module was introduced, which includes transactional functions designed for editor states. This addition addressed an issue where toolbar items were not being disabled correctly when selecting `contenteditable= "false"` contents in a `contenteditable= "false"` root.
> 
> As a consequence, toolbar buttons and menu items remained enabled even when they couldn't be applied to the current selection.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, a fix was implemented that ensures that toolbar buttons and menu items are now properly disabled based on the selection. As a result, when `contenteditable= "false"` content is selected in a `contenteditable= "false"` root, the toolbar and menu items are disabled. In addition, if `contenteditable= "true"` contents are selected, the toolbars and menu items are re-enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
=== Toolbar and menu items were not being disabled correctly when selecting noneditable elements inside a `contenteditable= "false"` root.
//#TINY-9669

In previous versions of {productname}, an issue was identified where toolbar and menu items were not being disabled correctly when selecting `contenteditable= "false"` contents inside a `contenteditable= "false"` root.

As a consequence, toolbar buttons and menu items would appear to be enabled even though the buttons and menu items were in a disabled state based on the users current selection.

A fix was applied in {productname} 6.5, that now disables the toolbar buttons and menu items based on the users selection. In addition, if `contenteditable= "true"` contents are selected, the toolbars and menu items are re-enabled.
```

Author: @spocke Please see above re-write suggestion.
